Documentation about thermo entry format for species with large elemental composition (#115)
Cantera/cantera-website: pages/tutorials/ck2cti-tutorial.rst

  Although these numbers create an error in ``ck2cti`` if present, they are
  harmless and can be ignored by using the ``--permissive`` option.

>   If the elemental number of an atom in a thermodynamic entry has more than 3 digits, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the number of atoms of an element in a thermodynamic entry has more than 3 digits, 
```

>   it will cause a conversion error. To avoid the unsuccessful conversion, the elmental

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  it will cause a conversion error. To avoid the error, the element symbol
```

>   letter should be kept with number 0. A combination sign "&" is added after the index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  should have a ``0`` in the first line of the entry. An ampersand (``&``) is added after the index
```

>   of the first line, and the "real" elemental signs and their number should be written

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of the first line, and the element symbols and their amounts should be written
```

>   in the next line. For these large elemental number, they can be written in one line 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  on the next line as follows::
```

>   as follows::

Reviewer: Delete this one, it moved up a line

>      BIN6J      PYRENEJ1     C   0H   0    0    0G   300.000  5000.000 1401.000    01& 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     BIN6J      PYRENEJ1     C   0H   0    0    0G   300.000  5000.000 1401.000     1& 
```

     C 778    H 263 
      3.63345177E+01 3.13968020E-02-1.09044660E-05 1.71125597E-09-1.00056355E-13    2 
      4.05143093E+04-1.77494305E+02-1.20603441E+01 1.59247554E-01-1.41562602E-04    3 
      6.26071650E-08-1.09305161E-11 5.56473533E+04 7.68451211E+01                   4 

>   or in separate lines with sign "&" at last to link them::

Reviewer: Add a blank line above this one, plus:

```suggestion
  or on separate lines with ampersand (``&``) as the last character on the line::
```

>      BIN6       PYRENE       C   0H   0    0    0G   300.000  5000.000 1401.000    01&

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     BIN6       PYRENE       C   0H   0    0    0G   300.000  5000.000 1401.000     1&
```
